epic: CSS Based ESLCarousel renderers (#3106)
exadel-inc/esl: packages/esl/src/esl-carousel/README.md

> **Note:** This renderer does not listen for specific transition or animation events. Therefore, the animation duration must be explicitly defined using the `--esl-carousel-step-duration` CSS variable.
It is also good practice to use the `--esl-carousel-step-duration` CSS variable within your animation. This enables duration customization via the `step-duration` attribute as well.

Animations can make use of global markers such as `active`, `pre-active`, `next`, and `prev` attributes, as well as the `animating` state attribute on the carousel element.

Additionally, the renderer provides the CSS classes `left`, `right`, `forward`, and `backward` on affected slides to help define animation direction.

The renderer supports the move operation, but you must rely on one of the following CSS variables and markers:
* `shifted` – A root element attribute added to the carousel element when the move operation is not committed.
* `--esl-carousel-offset` – A CSS variable representing the move offset in pixels.
* `--esl-carousel-offset-ratio` – A CSS variable representing the offset relative to the carousel size and move tolerance.

> By default, this renderer does not include any specific animation. However, a few built-in implementations are provided (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this renderer does not include any specific animation. Several built-in animation implementations are provided (detailed below).
```
